And as far as ICC
Lombard is concerned, I think
you should stay in the trade here, it is
having a good day right now, there is a reversal here, there are
good supports around 1000 to 50, but
in the last two-three minas, the stock has started moving well
now, so I think
its levels around 12500, the
hurdles of 1250, 1260, I think I think I think stay here, okay stay here
and it
will be withdrawn from City Union Bank, let's
take the question, Yogendra ji is joining us,
Yogesh ji from Sonepat, Haryana,
hello, tell me, hello, according to
me it will depend on the monthly
buy change a little, so I think in the last
two-three minas, it has taken good support
around ₹100, so I think as long as that
level is held, then according to me you should take the trade, the
stock is also good,
if its period is of one month, then I think by placing a stop
below ₹100, then by placing a stop at around 99.40,
according to me, stay in the trade.  It should remain full and
in the bounce, the last time when it bounced,
it went up to around 120-125, so I
think it can definitely go in those areas, so
if they want to trade, please
note that the views given on Money Control are the
views of the experts themselves, the
management of the website is not responsible for it.
Money Control advises the users to
take expert advice before taking any investment decision.